---
tags:
  - session_note
aliases: 
session-date: 2023-10-30T00:00:00.000+00:00
icon: session-note
---

During their conversation, Cedrick learns that the old goblin Slemolk believes them to all be dead– wandering in hell. Slemolk has been roaming around the underground longer than he can remember, and is suffering from crippling loneliness.

After the night’s rest, Cedrick and Zion make their way back to Stonedelve where they run into Dane and Sol on the streets. An exchange is had, hugs take place, and Cedrick becomes irate at how nonchalant Dane and Sol seem to be given the situation. Dane snaps back at Cedrick, insisting on his promise to keep them all alive, and his preference of death to a life of safety and mediocrity. Cedrick lectures them on their youth, their potential, and their naivety– mentioning his repeated loss of friends and how they broke him as a man– before departing for the tavern to drink away his emotions. Sol follows him in, with Zion, and pushes as many of Cedrick’s buttons she can before rushing out of the bar to find Dane with a “thanks Dad!” to Cedrick as she goes.

Meanwhile, Dane wanders back to the jail and speaks to the prisoner leader whose name he learns to be Gikrak. He tells him of the canvas painting in hopes of motivating Gikrak to accept the deal of freedom when it is offered, but doesn’t seem to get through the remorseful Duergar’s emotional barriers. The majority of the kineaters seem eager to accept whatever deal is offered, and Dane declares his “service” of freeing them to be complete before reuniting with the group.

The party tells Thrain of their success with the Chimera and mentions the eggs, which Thrain offers 300gp for two eggs which he intends to give to Grelka to clone. This doesn’t sit right with either Dane or Sol, and Dane reads from Thrain’s offer and body language that a better offer might be had elsewhere. The group then takes a day to gather their left belongings and check out of the tavern room before being escorted by Dhoruid Thundermace to the presumed broken elevator that might lead us back to the surface.

We get to the area where automatons have supposedly killed the previous scouting group of Duergar, and are met by two large mechanical beings. While formulating the plan of attack, the idea of “just talking to them” comes up and Cedrick volunteers. He approaches them, and is asked to be scanned. Submitting to the scan, he is told his genetic profile is impure. Questions are asked and we learn vague information about their creators, that they originate from the stars, and about an object called “the disc”, a device said to provide “salvation in the event of planetary annihilation”.

Without a better idea of how to proceed, Dane volunteers himself as the next scan subject in hopes that the “creators” are humans– the great artificers of Regatia. Much to the surprise of everyone present, Dane’s DNA is deemed pure– Dane is one of the “creators”. He quickly gets more information from the two robots, including their names CSC74 and XC789, and secures access to the “elevator for transport”. He names our robot friend “Cosco”– whose renaming is confirmed by the robot itself– and the party boards the elevator to “the disc”, leaving the machines to “hold down the fort”.

There we find a platform, monstrous in scale, with a terminal of sorts. The terminal has a single four-fingered handprint on it, which is shortly activated by Dane placing his hand on it. A holographic map of Regatia is projected, with markers around several familiar locations– including Ramshorn– pulsing in a way that invites one to press them. Text in an unrecognizable alien-feeling language appears, and Dane impulsively presses the indicator on Ramshorn in hopes that the Disc is a transport device that can send them home. The Disc spins up and a blinding flash occurs, revealing the entirety of Ramshorn having been seemingly excavated and placed on top of the Disc. The device then winds up again, a gel-like dome appears around the rim of it to encase the party and the town inside, and a blinding flash happens once more.

When our vision clears, we appear to be floating in space– albeit in a different place with unfamiliar constellations and celestial bodies– hovering far above the atmosphere of an unknown planet. Unlike Agrevar, this new planet resides in a system with only one sun, and with only a single moon that appears to have been shattered into a kaleidoscopic array of colorful gemstone pockets. The Disc continues to spin, visibly descending to the new planet’s surface, and the control panel enters a loading state that appears to lock us out of further use for the time being. The magic users of the party quickly realize their usual connection to the weave is extremely weak and foreign, as if interacting with a new unfamiliar source. It is compared to submerging one’s hand into water as opposed to running one’s fingers across a textured blanket.

Shortly after, Dane is contacted via Sending spells by his mother Astrid Thrane-Ogden. She beckons him to come home, which Dane declines out of fear of leaving the panel unsupervised, and instead asks her to meet up with the party before her magic runs out. She does so, and the party is introduced to Dane’s mother. Dane’s usual nonchalant attitude and disregard of dire circumstances seems to be hereditary, and Cedrick discovers a similar distaste and discomfort around her. Astrid volunteers to stay behind with the terminal to alert us should anything change while the party goes into town to inform the elder about what has happened.

Along the way, Sol submerges her face into the river in hopes of contacting the Nymph, to no avail. We eventually make our way to the center of town where we see the elder surrounded by a gathering of local officials, discussing what has happened. Dane admits fault and explains the entirety of the situation to the elder who begins devising a plan for the town. In a matter of hours, the Disc touches down on the new planet’s surface, and we have our first look at the strange new world.

A month passes, Ramshorn scouts have canvassed a sizable portion of the surrounding area, the first map is drafted, and the party spends the past month in downtime– steeling themselves for the days ahead…