---
tags: session_note
alias: 
---

Over the past month, [[Ramshorn]] has started to acclimate itself to the new location. The [[Chimera]] eggs hatched at the menagerie, the foundry has somewhat stabilized the local magitech, and the townsfolk have somewhat united in helping each other survive without the aid of [[Regatia]].

Not seeing any future need for them, [[Dane]] donated the Fire Elemental Core and one of the Hearts of Fire to the foundry for research and [[Cedrick]] offered them a grenade for the possibility of improved future versions. [[Gundren]] says he should have results by the 18th of Nipirik– just over a week from now.

[[Gundren]] also mentions the rumors of specters haunting the dry regions around [[Ramshorn]], [[Zion]] has been burning the days away laying low at the tavern, [[Cedrick]] has been making his living doing labor around town and schmoozing the local officials, and [[Dane]] tells the group of his unsuccessful time with the scouts looking for [[Sable]] and criticizes both [[Zion]] and [[Cedrick]] for not putting in enough effort. The sentiment that everything is [[Dane]]’s fault seems to be shared amongst the party and some of the townsfolk, which he unapologetically accepts– claiming that [[Ramshorn]] has always been his responsibility.

While [[Dane]] and [[Cedrick]] argue about how [[Cedrick]] could adapt to the new situation and how he misses the “art” of his old work, [[Zion]] follows after a skulking [[chimera]] sneaking into the foundry and brings it back to the menagerie. [[Dane]] eventually parlays with [[Cedrick]]– asking him to be a sparring partner to help them both get better– and we overhear the ominous tolling of a bell. Despite their keen ears, the party is unable to determine a direction or distance to the bell– only that it lies far outside the edge of town. Determined to find the source of the bell in hopes of it being related to [[Sable]], [[Dane]] tries to gather [[Cedrick]] and [[Zion]] to pursue it but we are somewhat interrupted by [[The Elder]] summoning the party to talk about restructuring the council to include our group as a political force.

The group is upfront about their intentions and conditions, are accepted into the Council, and depart. [[Zion]] suggests heading north for a potential solution to the town’s water shortage, and we elect to go through the [[Mirage Oasis]] where we encounter green lights approaching us– accompanied by the tolling bell and mournful cries– which reveal themselves to be green flaming skulls. After eating a [[Fireball]] or two and dispatching the skulls, we sit around [[Mirage Oasis|the oasis]] for a short rest before pressing onwards, and [[Cedrick]] notices a wooden hatch. 

Halfway through the rest and before [[Sol]] could take a look at the hatch, we are attacked again by a white hooded specter of some kind who tries to possess [[Dane]]– whose sense of self seems too strong to be controlled. We similarly destroy this ghost with significantly less trouble, and resume the rest hoping it to be the end of them. Another 20 minutes pass, and more skulls appear. [[Cedrick]] and [[Dane]] jump into action and do some crazy wombo combo 80 damage bullshit and destroy the skulls before anything dangerous happens. 

The rest finishes and before too long, another wave of flaming skulls comes throwing [[Fireball]]. This time, [[Cedrick]] throws a knife to soften up one of the skulls before [[Combat#dash|dashing]] and diving into the hatch with [[Sol]] right behind him. [[Dane]] rushes and grabs the skulls, pitches it into [[Mirage Oasis|the oasis]] in hopes of dousing the flames, and [[Fighter#Action Surge|action surges]] to [[Combat#dash|dash]] after his friends into the hatch with [[Zion]] rushing in behind him.

Inside, we descend down a stairway where we eventually come across a group of docile [[4. Mechanics/Bestiary/SRD/Zombie|zombies]] roped up in a pool. Ignoring them for now, [[Cedrick]] and [[Dane]] scout a short distance ahead where [[Dane]] hears the squelching noises of butchering flesh in a nearby room. [[Cedrick]] peaks through the door where he sees an opulently hooded [[4. Mechanics/Bestiary/SRD/Skeleton|skeleton]] dissecting a corpse. The idea to try and talk to it comes up, but [[Dane]] quickly shoots down the idea in favor of rushing the evil creature to catch it off guard and ending it as quickly as possible. The group agrees that nothing good could be coming from this place, and with the need for sleep quickly approaching and the flaming skulls waiting for us outside, we steel ourselves to destroy everything in the tunnels before the night is over. 
